guide/getting-started.md, before:

# Getting Started

{{ PROJECT_NAME }} is a Nextflow pipeline designed for {{ PROJECT_PURPOSE }}. This guide will help you get up and running with the pipeline.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following installed:

- **Nextflow** (version {{ MIN_NEXTFLOW_VERSION }} or later)
- **Container engine**: Docker, Singularity, or Conda
- **Java** 11 or later (for Nextflow)

## Quick Installation

### 1. Install Nextflow

```bash
# Install Nextflow
curl -s https://get.nextflow.io | bash

# Make it executable and move to PATH
chmod +x nextflow
sudo mv nextflow /usr/local/bin/
```

### 2. Clone the Pipeline

```bash
git clone https://github.com/AfriGen-D/{{ REPO_NAME }}.git
cd {{ REPO_NAME }}
```

### 3. Test the Installation

Run the pipeline with test data to verify everything is working:

```bash
nextflow run main.nf -profile test
```

## What's Next?

- [Installation](/guide/installation) - Detailed installation instructions
- [Quick Start](/guide/quick-start) - Run your first analysis
- [Configuration](/guide/configuration) - Customize the pipeline for your needs

## Getting Help

If you encounter any issues:

1. Check the [troubleshooting guide](/guide/troubleshooting)
2. Search existing [GitHub issues](https://github.com/AfriGen-D/{{ REPO_NAME }}/issues)
3. Create a new issue with details about your problem
4. Contact the AfriGen-D team at [helpdesk.afrigen-d.org](https://helpdesk.afrigen-d.org)

Commit message:

Replace template variables with CheckRef-specific content
- Updated homepage hero section with CheckRef branding and features
- Fixed package.json with correct project name, version, and repository URLs
- Updated API parameters documentation with actual CheckRef parameters
- Replaced generic pipeline examples with allele switch detection examples
- Updated guide content with CheckRef-specific installation and usage
- All {{ TEMPLATE_VARIABLE }} placeholders now replaced with real content

guide/getting-started.md, after:

# Getting Started

CheckRef is a Nextflow pipeline designed for detecting and correcting allele switches between target VCF files and reference panels. This guide will help you get up and running with the pipeline.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following installed:

- **Nextflow** (version 21.04.0 or later)
- **Container engine**: Docker, Singularity, or Conda
- **Java** 11 or later (for Nextflow)

## Quick Installation

### 1. Install Nextflow

```bash
# Install Nextflow
curl -s https://get.nextflow.io | bash

# Make it executable and move to PATH
chmod +x nextflow
sudo mv nextflow /usr/local/bin/
```

### 2. Clone the Pipeline

```bash
git clone https://github.com/AfriGen-D/checkref.git
cd checkref
```

### 3. Test the Installation

Run the pipeline with test data to verify everything is working:

```bash
nextflow run main.nf -profile test
```

## What's Next?

- [Installation](/guide/installation) - Detailed installation instructions
- [Quick Start](/guide/quick-start) - Run your first analysis
- [Configuration](/guide/configuration) - Customize the pipeline for your needs

## Getting Help

If you encounter any issues:

1. Check the [troubleshooting guide](/guide/troubleshooting)
2. Search existing [GitHub issues](https://github.com/AfriGen-D/checkref/issues)
3. Create a new issue with details about your problem
4. Contact the AfriGen-D team at [helpdesk.afrigen-d.org](https://helpdesk.afrigen-d.org)
